Programmability - prep for merge (#213)
mit-dci/opencbdc-tx: README.md

**NOTE:** In cases where there are significant changes to the repository that might need manual intervention down-stream (or other important updates), we will [make a NEWS post](NEWS.md).

# Architecture
There are two main architectures as follows:

> ## UTXO & UHS-Based Transaction Processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have explored several architectures as follows:

## UHS-Based
```

    - Maximum demonstrated throughput ~1.7M transactions per second.
    - Geo-replicated latency <1 second.

> Read the [2PC & Atomizer architecture guide](docs/architecture.md) for a detailed description of the system components and implementation of each architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [UHS architecture guide](docs/architecture.md) for a detailed description of the system components and implementation of each architecture.
```

*Note*: this is probably a good time to move `docs/architecture.md` to something like `docs/uhs-architecture.md` to be less confusing.

> ## Generic Smart Contract Platform ("3PC")

Reviewer: Here and, in all other docs, please keep to the same style used in the rest of the document (e.g., unify the numbering/bulleting style with the section above), and ensure there is only one logical sentence/thought-per-line. In particular, if there's a `.`, you should probably add a new-line after it.

```terminal
# xcode-select --install
```

> # Run the Code: Programmability architecture

Reviewer: This is jarring. Either the basics of getting started with 3PC should belong in the same place as the UHS architectures here in the readme, or the UHS architecture getting-started routine should also be separated to mirror the programmability stuff.

(non-blocking)

        ```terminal
        $ docker compose --file docker-compose-2pc.yml up --build
        ```

>     2. Atomizer architecture:

Reviewer: This is not necessary; markdown almost always automatically numbers lists; it's a *really* good idea to get in the habit of numbering all lists as `1.` so that you don't need to make changes like this. (This is what is done in lists above.)
